--------------------------------------------Documented by: Ahsanul Ameen----------------------------------------------------

In this project, the user will experience a very simple form of the famous HangMan game.
According to game level, player has to guess a valid country name 
If the player finds it in at most 13 trials then he/she wins otherwise lose.


GamePlay instructions on VMEmulator:
Please don't forget to select "No animation". 
There are two folders containing the VM files... "HangMan" which is the original project
and also the only "VMFiles".

Any of the two folders can be choosen in the VMEmulator to run the program. But it is recommended
to use the "HangMan" folder as for that VMEmulator will use built-in OS VM files and hence will performs fast.
Otherwise animation may be delayed 

After a full play the program will halt. 
	In case you wish to run again, then carefully follow the steps...
	- Stop the program by pressing the Stop button
	- Reset the stack frame by pressing the Reset button
	- Run the program again and play...
	Repeat those steps as you please.


HangMan:
There are four .jack files 
	Main.jack - contains the driver programs
	Game.jack - contains vast logic, methods and variables required for GamePlay
	Hangman.jack - contains utility codes for drawing a hangman in the screen 
	Words.jack - contains utility codes for word(country) list that will be used arbitrarily
	
Intentionally I avoid singleton design pattern for this project. Althought it might be used purposefully.
There are less use of static fields and methods. Though they can be used in the Utility classes
Hopefully no memory leak.


My first intention was to make Space Invaders game. Then I tried about two days and got cool success.
But then I felt tired after trying to manage arrays of object and 'THIS' heap segment erro on the emulator.
Eventually I quit and planned to make this little lovely HangMan game.

GamePlay tips as a player:
	If you wan't to cheat you can open the Word.jack file from Source code and invest your time...
	

Bugs?
I've tried it in both Windows and Linux and succeded. If there are any unintentional bugs poping up, please let me know if possible.
	

Finally, Thanks a lot for reading thus fur.	
